Ticket Coupon of 01 01 Date of Issue Placegüe Res.# I dckriowlcdgc accept billing X Name of Passenger ^ENS/WALTER I. 21 CHI-STL 22Sep22 $ 53.00 21Sep22H06AM Riders Train Endorsement/Restrictions Not Valid Sefore/After Accom 800 USA RAI R "d96BFE9-210922 264947202&758 SpaceZCar Ridere - PURCHASE RECEIPT Name of Passenger WASHINGTON,DC torn Carrier Train Date Accom SpaceZCar Form - Rail Fare MERCH ID ac094 ?^ I --- -- Pricing AUTH CODE 25882 Tkt. ^r. NOT VAIID FOR TRAVEl Total Charge 3.00 0 98195809865 NRPT 96 áiÌNTÌERSE SIDĘktĘPR Rail Fare Fare Plans Accom Charge Total REFUNO/EXCHNGE PEMAITIES MAY APPIY OTHER“TEWS ANO CONDITIONS APPLY. Date of Issue COI 'RACT. PASSENGER RECE!PT Reservation # RESTRICTION INEOilriOIEofPaymen. AMTRA Every Ride Counts as an Amtrak Guest Rewards® Member. Learn more at AmtrakGuestRewards.com Amirak and Amtfak Gue« Reward are regiitered of ihe National Railroad Pa enrice mark elation »^ Reservation Cancellation Code . Every Ride Counts as an Amtrak Guest Rewards® Member. From the eve^day r der to the every once !n a while, Amtrak Guest Rewards members are always moving closer to iree travel, upgrades and more. Join us at AmtrakGuestRewards.com ISATRAK . Guest Rewards I Visit Amtrak.com today. Make your reservatiorw on! ne where wer fares may be available. C.NDmONS CARR.AGE. All travel on Amtrak is subjert to the Conditions of Carriage, The Conditions of Carriage are posted on Amtrak.com and available by calling 1-8 - SA-RAIL. Travel on another service provider, purchased through Amtrak. Is subject to that provider's tariffs. Unless othe^ise specified on the ticket, this ticket Is valid for carriage for 12 months affer issue date. Refunds are subjert to the applicable refund policies for the type of fare purchased. See Amtrak.com/refund. Amtrak tickets may only be sold or issued by Amtrak or Amtrak.authofized travel agents or tour operators, bekets sold or issued by an unauthorized third pa^, will be voided by Amtrak. Failure to board a train as booked will result in the entire reservation being cancelled with no refund. n unreserved Coach or unreserved Thruway services, seats may not be available and you may have to stand. s s « passenger R«e!^ Arntrak and Amtrak Guest Rewards are roistered senrice marks of the National Railroad føssenger Corporation.