I 349 Mason Strest San Francisco. CA 94102 (415) 359-1331 RENT-A-CAR Renta! Agreement #:139432 Renta! Agreement Page 2 RA out by:PVo Todays 0ate:8/31/2023 Renter !nformatlon Vehic.e !nformatlon Charges Summary Office Hours: Monday to Sunday 8:00 AM to 3:00PM 0 0 0 0 0 Hour(s) @ $26.40 = = @ $79.99 Day(s) = Extra Day(s) @ $95.99 Week(s) @ $299.95 = Month(s) @ $1,679.79 = es @ $0.00 Net Time & Mileage $0.00 $159.98 .00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $159.98 Discounts $79.99 Sales Tax (8.63%) Sales Tax (8.63%) Vehicle license Recovery Fee Total Taxes & Fees Gasoline ($8.50/gal.) Damages Traffic Tickets CDW. RLI Effective 6/1/21 SII Effective 06/1/21 Total Ins. / Cov. $6.90 $1.98 $8.88 .00 .00 $0.00 $50.00 $27.90 $17,90 $95.80 Total Mise. Charges $0.00 Total Est. Charges Total Due $184.67 $184.67 Jens Walter untersbergstr. 84 munich, germany 81539 Germany +491717803957 js.walter@gmx.net Driverslicense:m24000vth32 Expiration: DOB: 1/7/1983 Company Unit#: 117-14- Make/Model: TOYOTA.Corolla Plate: 8XGY021 Owning City: San Francsico Pickup toe: 349 Mason St Dueback loc: 520 Mason St Rental Information Date Out: 8/31/2023 7:43:00 AM Exp'Date In: 9/1/2023 11:00:00 PM Date In: Additional Drivers Additional Driver #1 Total Miles Included Odom. Out Odom. In Unlimited 43810 Fuel Out 16/16 X Fuel In Additional Driver #2 Alternate Unit Date Out Date In Odom. Out Odom In 7 CustOif initiah .... lilt M ...isaş :.. S n . , Sơ |d ST„..,Sli Payment Information /31,'2023 CHIP & PIN 2961 Payments 2961 Tickets - Tickets - Renter is responsible for parking bekets, .31-S nrncpssing fee will be added to unpaid narking tickets. Rates do not include fuel, CDW, RII , Sll or PAI. Accidents - Customer must report all accidents, notify local police and cotnplefe City Rení-A-Car's accident report, within 24 hours after' any accident. Signature: I have read and agree to the Terms And Condibon Of The Agreement. I authorÍ2e City Rent-A-Car to process a credit card voucher if any for'charges under the agreement, including repair of damage, loss of use, parking violabons and processing fees. Renter Signature Date No Smoking / No Pets ($150 minimum fine) Initials: X Renter is responsible for all tolls & parking tickets f$15 processing fee for unpaid ticketstollsl Initials: X I RENTAI AGREEMENT PAGEI DF.FINITIONS (a) Agreement refers lo all of lire lenns and eondilions on both pages of tills contract. Ibl I, Me, Rentei' means tlie person signing tills Agreement, any otlier pci'soii you permit to use tlie vcliicle by ivrittcn consent, and any Ollier person wlio allows tlie charges ol'llie Agreement to billed to it. (c) Y'ehiele refers veliicle dcscl'ibed on Page 2 ol' tills Agreement, and Includes all tires, tools, accessories, equipment, keys and vcliiclc documents in 01' on tlic vehicle. to the niiitor 2. 3. 4. 5. 6, to ask for your permission (dl Pei'son means any individual, coqroration, firm or other entity, (cl You or Y'our refers to time vehicle rcntiil firm sliown on Page 2. Rental of 'ehicle. 1 hereby agree to rent tills veliicle and to ill of tlie terms iUid conditions of'this Agiecment. Condition of 'ehicle. You make no express or implied wartanty as to any matter wliatsoci'cr including witliout limitation tlie condition of tlie vehicle atid equipment, its merchantability, or fitness for any, paiticular purpose. 1 received time V'eliicle in good and safe, mechanical and pliysical condition and will rctunn same to you in llie same condition, ordinary, wear and teat expected. Servicing ol' I agree Veliicle. servicing or replacing any' part or acccssoiy of'tlie velilcle. Return of Ycliicle. I agree to return tlie vcliicle to you witilin 24 lioui's of llie iliite ind time tented or on llie retui'ii dale if specified on Page 2, or sooner upon your demand. This agreement does not allow me to rent line veliicle for mote tlian 30 days at one time, regardless of any,' return dale slioivn oil page 2. Place to Rctiii'n 'ehicle. I Igree to I'cturn tine vehicle to tlie rental office from wliicli 1 ernted it, or to tine lociitloin slioivn on Page 2, during your If 1 return tine veliicle to another rental office regular business liours. witliout your permission, you may, cliarge me an additional fee. Charges. I agi'ee It) pay you for all (a) Time and NIileage. I will pay you for line number ot'miles driven (as deleiinine ! by, the factory installed odometer) iintl tine leiigtli of lime line veliicle was rented by me, at tine time and mileage rates sliown on 1'age 2. Tine minimum charge is one lay-' |ilus mileage, prior to (b) Gas. 1 will pay, for gasoline used 11' I return line vehicle witli less gasoline tliaii wlicii tented, as sliown on Page 2. (c) Taxes. I will pay you for any state and local sales and use taxes on line rental )f tine vehicle, or, as sliown on Page 2, an iunount to reinibttrse you for liixes you paid when you purcha.scd tine vehicle. the sales and use Idl Unauthorized Return of Vehicle. If tine velitele is returned to a rental office other tlian 1 will pay an additional fee equal to SI.00 per mile multiplietl by tine number of' miles between the renting rental office and tine rental office wliere returned. Tine niinimuiii is $100.00. tine one shown on Page 2, (c) Odometer Tampei'ing. 1 W'ill pay yott $8.00 for eacli hour tlic disconnecte ! or vehicle was rented tiinipercd W'ilh the mileage recording device or ll'thc device was not working properly for any, reason. is evidence tlial lliet'e if I Il) Other Cliarges. 1 W'ill pay you for ill otliei' cliarges. surcliai'ges and taxes t'or miscellaneous services nvliicli you may apply' to tine rental of tills vehicle. Ig) 'aluc of l.ost tnr Stolen Property. I W'ill ptiy you tine value ol' ill tires, totils, iccessories. keys, equipment and '-'cliicle documents lost or stolen from the vehicle. 8. Krror in Charges. 1 understand that all cliarges Inowii on Page 2 arc sub.iccl to review'. After any final review, 11' an error is found, I sliall pay tine corrected charges or receive a refund, as tine case may' be, or you may correct any cliargc slip signed by me. 11' 9. Collection ofCliatges. I agree to pay all charges upon your request. 1 'vill pay, ill collection expenses you may, incur, including reasonable attorney's 1'ecs. I do not pay any, chai'ges lliilt are due. If bills f ,r chai'gcs are lirecled liy me to anotin et person win , fails to pity tine cliarges when due, 1 agree t i pay you 111 request. You may ciillcct line cliarge.s ftoni line and tine other person to wliom tine cliarges were directed It tlie same time or in any, otticr. 1(1. Repossession of Vehicle. If I am in violation of the Agreement, you may repossess tine veliicle at any,' time witliout first ads'ising me. 'ou may notify tine police or otlier lutliorities tliat tine veliicle is stolen or missing. 1, Unauthorized Use of 'ehicle. 1 agree tliat I will operate tlic veliicle in a I3y anyone under the age ot'21. By, anyone, wlio is not a qualified license ! driver, safe and prudent manner and that I will not allow the vehie'le to lie used: ( !) (In) (cl By anyone W'illioul tills Agreement. first obtilining your W'titlen consent on Page 2 ot' ( !) By. anyone under the influence ofdiugs or intoxicants, (el By, uiyoiie who olntaiiicd tine vehicle by fi'aud, or misrepresentation. For any illegal pu^osc. (gl To carry persons of property for !lire. (If) I'o race or test the speed of the veliicle. (!) To teacli a person without a license how to operate tlie veliicle. ( ) To [iropel oitow any oliject. (k) On otliei' than a public higliway or graded private road or driveway. (!) To intentionally cause damage to 01" loss to the veliicle. (ni) In tlie commission of a felony. 12. Illegal Uses of Vehicle. I agree lliat shall be a violation of tills Agreement if tlie veliicle is used in violation of any laws or ordintinccs applicable to tlie operation, use, or return of the veliicle, or if vcliicle is operated in a negligent manner. it 13. OPS Tracking Device. Vehicle may be equipped with a gps tracking device. GPS Tracking Device may be used for veliicle recovery. 14. You Are Not Responsible .'or Property in Y'ehicle. You will not be responsible for the loss or damage to any properly,, wliether mine 01' not, left at any, time in or on the veliicle at your rental office, even if in ytmur possession, no matter who Is at fault. I will be responsible to you for ill elaiimis immade by, others for any loss or damages. 15. Responsibility for Damages. I am responsible and will pay you foi' ill loss, and damage to the vehicle I'egardless of wlio is at fault, (a) Tlie amount sliown in tlie area labeled “Collision Damage Waiver,” 1' I initialed tlie box on Page 3 labeled “[ do not accept" at the lime ol' I'eiital. (b) 1 undei'stand that Collison Damage Waiver ¡S NOT insurance. II' 1 violate any of the terms of this Agreement, I will be responsible for tlic full amount of damages, even if I initialed time box labeled Collision Damage Waiver. I undei-stand that my. Personal Insurance Policy may cover damage to your car and I understand that 1 slmall consult niy insurer to detennine time scope of coverage, b. vehicle (cl It'the latv of jul'isdiction covering this rental requires conditions on physical damage responsibility that are different than the terms ol' tills agi'ecmeiit, that law prevails. Liability Insurance. You comply, with the requirements of Financial Imy means of P.espoiisibility Laws applicable to insurance, bond, certificate of self insurance, or otlier means 0'.' a combination tlierof. I understand that this agreement dues not al'l'oi'd me 01' any other operator any insurance or protection against liability'. If. by operation of law, you are required to provide a driver witli protection ftom liability,, such protection shall be limited in amount anti scope to the minimum required by law and shall be excess of any tlie extent applicable liability insurance. You and I agree llial, permitted by' law, uninsured and underinsured motorist protection is waived and rejected, regardless of any other protection wliicli may be inferred by, operation of law. owners to 17. Wlicn There is No Coverage. I understand ttiat there is no insurance coverage if I violate any of the terms of this Agi'eement. 1 undersliind 1 Iliit all liability and physical diiinage coverage is void in Mexico and Caiiiida. I will be responsible to you or your insurance company, for all claims made this by otiiers Agreement. or property damage if for physical violate injuiy I 18. Rcpoi'ting Accidents. I agree to report immediately, within 24 lioiirs, to the renting office and to tlie policy,, any, accident involving tlie veliicle. I llie renting office, or to your insiirei', every will promptly deliver to process, pleading or notice of any kind wliich I may receive coiiceiiiing 1 ! iwsuit arising from the accident. I shall not in any manner aid or abet any claimant, but agree to cooperate fully witli your insurer in all matters connected with the investigation and defense of any claim or suit. 19.1 Will Pay for Fines and Penalties. 1 will pay all fines, court costs, traffic or otlier penalties, foifeimres and other expenses for parking, violations while tlie V'ehicle is tented to me. I will be responsible to you for all claitns made by others for payment ot'aiiy violation. 2(1. Relation With You. 1 am not your agent nor employee, nor is my conduct subject to your control for any, purpose. 21. Assignment of Transfer. 1 will not transfci' not assign tills Agreement >!' tlie vehicle to any other person. 22. Gltanges. Any cliange in tills Agreement must be in writing and signed by one of your officers, and by, me. 23. Complete Agreement. Tills Agreement is the wliole agreement between me. No other agreements, promises or responsibilities exist you and between you and me. 24. True Information. All Information tlial I gave you Is true. 25. Failure to Return Keys. 1 violate the terms of this Agreement it'Ido not or cannot return the keys to tlie velilcle. 2ft. Proliibited by Law. If any prov'ision of this Agreement is prollibitcd by- hiw. it shall not atTeet tlie remaining provisions. I I