# 185 825 MARKET ST 94103 SAN F'RANCISCQ, CA 1 ^ 9 2 209 5586 0021 05/10/2019 8:27 PM SIMPLY LIMEADE ALL NATURAL 11 ,507 02500000031 RETURN VAL.UE 1 .79 CA REDMP VAL 00000007000 1 ,79 SALE 0.05 BON APPETIT CHES COFFEE CAKE4.257 03575111430 RETURN VAL.UE 1 .99 1 .99 BON APPETIT CRUMB DONUTS 40783 03575111807 RETURN VALUE 1 ,99 TOTAL MASTERCARD ACCT 2825 CHANGE 1 .99 5.82 5.82 .00 AID 0000000041010 Debit MasterCard Tapped THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT WALGREENS YOU COULD HAVE SAVED BY USING YOUR BALANCE REWARDS CARD TODAY RESTRICTIONS APPLY. FOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS, VISIT WALGREENS.COM/BALANCE: IHAT YOU CAN EARN POINTS DID YOU ITEMS IN-STORE AND ON THOUSANDS OF ONLINE? SEE OUR WEEKLY AD FOR MORE ITEMS CHANGE WEEKLY. INFORMATION. RESTRICTIONS APPLY. FOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS, VISIT WALGREENS.COM/BALANCE RFN# 0318-5215-586 -1905- 003 1 III! UwardJ Pneumonia, and whooping cough shots., available. ,No appointment neSded. Talk to your pharmacist How are we doina? or Enter our monthjbsweepstakjes $3 Visit WWW.WALGREENSLISTENS.COM nţ-nunnnnţţn or call toll free 1-800-219-7451 within 72 hours to take a short survey about this Wa greens visit SURVEY# 318-5215-586 PASSWORD 119 -51 -326 For contest rules, see .store or walgreensListens.com are unhappy with your wide stores for an exchange terns will be exchanged or ill be Issued ¡n the original ms will be exchanged or he 30 days prior to the date edit. For any return, you may ntification. We reserve the and return policies for Your satisfaction is very Important to US. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase priCe. Refunds will be issued In the original method of payment. Without original receipt, items wilt be exchanged or refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date of the return. Refunds will be issued as slore credit. For an return, you may be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve tfie right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction is very important to US. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an excfiange or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be issued In the original method of payment, without original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction is very important to US. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be issued in the original method of payment. Without original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction Is ve^ Important to us. If you are purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwld or refund within 3 days. With original receipt, item refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will b method of payment. Without original receipt, items refunded at the lowest advertised price within the of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit be asked for valid government-issued photo identil right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions an« online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. ł 3 00 gf > 5 i ^3 Z Ơ) c 0 Ilf! ro s g ®5 3 ỈỈ < 11 ! õ w ! ỈỈI ■ § g c CD CD