- #0Q8S0 135 PoWELL ST SAN FRANCISCo) CA 94102 1 3 7 2 284 4343 0023 05/12/2019 8;29 PM FRESH N READY SLB SNDWH HM 8.50 68290689048 RETURN VALUE 4,99 HAWAIIAN ORIGINAL CHIPS 502 01159400501 RETURN VALUE 2.19 GALBEE SNAPEA BLK PEPPER 302 07114600248 RETURN VALUE 2.79 SHOPPING BAG FEE TOTAL MA CHANGE STERCARD ACCT 2825 4.99 2.19 2.79 0. 10 10.07 10.07 00 AID 0000000041010 Debit MasterCard Tapped THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT WALGREENS DID YOU THAT YOU CAN EARN POINTS ITEMS IN-STORE AND ON THOUSANDS OF ONLINE? SEE OUR WEEKLY AD FOR MORE ITEMS CHANGE WEEKLY. INFORMATION. RESTRICTIONS APPLY. FOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS) VISIT WALGREENS.COM/BAIANCE. RFN# 0089-0234-3439-1905-1203 rlirds Pneumonia and whooping cough shots a ailable. No appointment neẽded. Talk to your pharmacist How are we delng? Enter our monthly sweepstakes $3 cash Visit .WALGREENSLISTENS.COM or call toll free 1-800-219-7451 within 72 hours to take a short survey about this Walgreens visit SURVEY# 0089-0234-343 PASSWORD 9190-5120-326 For contest |^ or ion is very important to US. If you are unhappy with your may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange lin 30 days. With original receipt. Items will be exchanged or he full purchase price. Refunds will be Issued In the original ^ment. Without original receipt, items will be exchanged or le lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may 'alid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the r refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for ases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction is very important to US. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange or refund within 30 days. With original receipt. Items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be issued in the original method of payment, without original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purcfiases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction Is very Important to US. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be issued in the original method of payment. Without original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. Your satisfaction Is very important to us. If you are unhappy with your purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchan or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be issued in the original method of payment. Without original receipt. Items will be exchanged or refunded at tfie lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the dat' of the return. Refunds will be Issued as store credit. Fpr any return, you m be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve th right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for online purchases, visit Walgreens.com. a w > ) < ■)Dì ) 3 > ' w ; II m § ® II . 3 ro II II ) . . 3 3 3 o oi ' > 30 3 3 m Z ư) c Ö 'U . < TT "D <û ) > 0 C CD :ã № 3 oi İ Ọ ? il · ţn