٦£)a¥eeắ

#

757 00211

MICHIGAN  AVE  ؛ا

CHI

؛ţ؛

0ggJLg

؛§؛

ll

222

4800

0003  09/28/2022  4:09  PM

K/FRESH  GRMI  ITALIAN  SUB  12.40Ζ

18.507 GOLD  PEAK  UNSWEETENED  TEA

74780401049
6.49 RETURN  VALUE

08390000577
1 .99 RETURN  VALUE

I

I

SUBTOTAL
SALES  TAX  1=1 .25Ж

TOTAL
MASTERCARD  ACCT  5562
AUTH  CODE
CHANGE

6.49

1 .99

.48
0.11

.59
59
N711PW
(10

THANK  YOU  FOR  SHOPPING  AT  WALGREENS

YOU  COULD  HAVE  EARNED  AN  ADDITIONAI-
WALGREENS  CASH  REWAFiDS  BY  USING  YOUR
MYWALGREENS  MEMBERSHIP  TODAY.
RESTRICTIONS  APPLY)  FOR  TERMS  AND
CONDITIONS)  VISIT  MYWALGREENS.COM.

NOĨ-A  MEMBER?  J0IN. .N0W  AT  ANY  REGISTER)
OR  gO  to  mywalgreensTcom.  enrolling  is
QUICKř  EASY  AND  FREE!  ř٥EEM  WALGREENS

RFN#  0021-1034-8005-2209-28(13

I

I

III

I

GET  REIMBURSED  FOR  ΑΤ-ΗΟΜΕ  COVID-19
TESTS.  REMEMBER  TO  SAVE  YOUR  RECEIPT  AND
INSuSnCeCE  PT  AND

SUBMIT  ?0  ?0ة٧

How  are  we  doing?
Enter  our  monthly  sweepstakes  ؛؟ r"

$3,๐

٥

cash

Visit
.walgreenslistens.com
or scan this code with your mobile device

or call toll free

a short اع0ةةق؛٠0أةقق
72 within
survey  about  this  Walgreehs  visit

SURVEY#

0๐21-1๐34-8๐0

PASSWORD
ร22๐-928๐-32ธ

or

๐
ant to us. If you are unhappy with your
any of our nationwide storeSfor an exchange
jriginal receipt, ttems will be exchanged or
,rice. Refunds will be issued In the original
iginal receipt, rtems will be exchanged or
ed price within the 30 days prior to the date
sued as store cr^it. For any return, you may
issued photo Identification., ١Λ/β reserve the
For exclusions and return policies for
-e.ns.c.m.

ь

>
؛

Your satisfaction ¡S very Important to US.  If you are unhappy with your
purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange
or refund within 30 days. With original receipt. Items will be exchanged or
refunded for the full purchase p.rice. Refunds will be Issued In theo٢lginat

refunded at the lowest advertiMđ price within the 30 days prior to the date
of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. For any return, you may
be asked for valid gowmment-issued photo identification. We resede the
right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for
online purchases, visit Walgreens.com.

Your satisfaction is very Important to US.  If you are unhappy with your
purchase, you may return it to any of our nationwide stores for an' exchange
or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchanged or.  .
refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be Issued in the original
method of payment. Without original receipt, items will be exctianged or
refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date
of the return. Refunds will be issued as store credit. Por any return, you may
be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the
right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for.
ohllne purchases, visit Walgr^ns.com.

Your satisfaction Is very important to US.  If you are unhappy with your
purchase, you may return rt to any of ournationwide stores for an excliange
or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchange or
refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be Issued in the original
method of payment, without original recelpt._ltems will be exchanged or
of the return. Refunds will be Issued as store credit. For any return, you may
be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve the
right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclusions and return policies for
online purchases, visit Walgreens.com.

g

ج

3

ř8

Ю
ö ٥
oi
ق
ة'

>
О
UI
тз
m
z
ơ>

لآ

هةل

II جج

.๙  §
>.نت
ج
3

ế

ầỉ
3

0

ت

٠

 ٠

Q.  (

Ili
!ة

и  po

3

Your satisfaction  ا5 very important to US.  If
purchase, you may return ؛t to any of our n؛
or refund within 3. days. With original rece
refunded for the full pUrchase price. Refun.
method of payment. Without original receii
refunded at the lowest advertised price wit
of the return. Refunds will be Issued as sto
be asked for valid government-issued phoi
right to limit or refuse a refund. For exclus:
online purchases, visit Walgreens.com.
٠
(Đ

٠
Ф

<
ф

ا>

ส
ิ
