ĩikểỹíêễi

#1؛١؛

339 5'/ย

■/

 ة3الآ؛

 1

IA

 VEUAS  BL٧Û  SUITE ؛؛

1

IAS  VEUASỷ  Nv
;

 إإ9لال9

335

54¿؛

12  )«؛(7

/اذ

272

19ن

 ا0ا

22  PM

F/LAY  LAYS  DILI  PICKLE
لآ

0284032
RETURM  VALUE  3,45

123

-/.750Ζ

3,49

KAMAMI  JUMEO  SANOWiCH  UrtMSCHEESE

88892501106
RETURM  VALUE  4,55

TOTAL
MASIERCARI)  ACCI  8959
CHAMGE

4.99

8.48
.48
8
.00

AIO  Αϋϋ00ΰ00θ4ΐ٧1υ.
OEBIT  MASTERCARO
Tapped

THANK  YOU  FOR  SHOPPIMS  AT  /JALGREENS

،.ARM  PU1M1S  '؛؛(1ا

CAM
 ؛

DIO  YOU  KMIW  TUAi
illM
OM  THOUSANDS  OE
ONLINE?  SEE  OUR  KEEK
ΙΝΕΤ4ΤΜΑίΙΰΚ.
ITEMS  CUANl
RESTRICTIONS  APPLY.  EUR
CONUITIONS,  VISTI

 ',؛؛

':.
M  SIURE  AMD
FOR  MURE Al١ ؛¿

UPEKlY. ,؛:
ILRM
ANO ؛؛
AITRLENS  IMIMYSA

ANCE ؛

REN

#

 1ةذ/-8اذ'/2-ا

ا

49ة-:
ا
ا

912-0203
I!

I

؟ال

fiirds

)لا،ب
11
٧اا1ةآ

'):ي
 a  r
 عا!ةاًاا'ز٢;ًا!

 ٠١·
إاغ

ίβ  .ฝ
 :؛
 ةًا)ةةا؛؛؛1،ا٧.ئة

c;ash

 ؛;?
ΪΟΓ

Vleit
WWWoWALiGREiNSlISIENS.COH
ب؛ب+ب٠ب+لا:ا؛ببب-ءبء4؛بب·

٥٢

,¿
 اal
300.219
1-:
 ؛'ا٢.األا

1٢ 1ว1   ì
-
47؛(1

؛؛ءي

لا
ةال

 /2

1٢ا

111
a٧ữ.)l ٢٧0٧

 ة
 ٧؛1:ذ

؛

D.ạKt ،ن t:
 أو،،

 ةا
vielt  ال٢،؛،ذ؛اة

اها'ا

 а

SURVEY

#

 ؛1

357-8072-194

-اSi

il ؛

2020-326

3S40RO

P,,؛
 -

For  crtiLeol  rule
٧.٧А

see  store ؛,
٢٠ЕМЗЕ13Т!ЕМЗ.С0М

؛.٨Е<

؛.

 ،؛r

น
า
ا  US.،أ you are unhappy wííh your
?ur nationwide stores for an" exchange
ij ٢ece!pt, items will be exchanged or
Reiunds will be Issued In the oñginal
receipt. Items will be exchanged or
ce within the 30 days prior to the date
as store credit. For any return, you may
d photo Identification. We reseřve the
xcluslons and return policies tor
.com.

Your satisfaction Is ve^. Important to us. If you are  unhappy with your
purchase, you may return It to any of our nationwide stores for an' exchange
or refund within 30 days. With original receipt,  items will be exchanged or
refunded forthe full purchase price. Refunds will be Issued In the original
method of payment. Without original receipt. Items will be exchanged or
refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date
of the return.  Refunds will
Issued as store credit. For any return, you may
be asked for valid government-issued photo Identification. We reserve the
rigtit to limit or refuse a  refund. For exclusions and return policies for
online purchases, visit Walgreens.com.

Your satisfaction Is very Important to us. If you are unhappy with your
purchase, you may return It to any of our nationwide stores for an exchange
or refund within 30 days. With original receipt, rtems will be exchanged or
refunded for the full purchase price. Refunds will be Issued In the original
method of payment, without original receipt. Items will be exchanged or
refunded at the lowest advertised price within the 30 days prior to the date
of the return. Refunds will be Issued as store credit. For any return, you may
be asked for valid government-issued photo Identification. We reserve the
right to limit or refuse a refund.  For exclusions and return policies for
оПИпе purchases, visit Walgreens.com.

Your satisfaction Is ve^ important to us.  If you are unhappy with your
purchase, you may return It to any of our nationwide stores for an exch
or refund wrthin 30 days. With original receipt, items will be exchangee
refunded for the full purchase priCe.  Refunds will be issued In the origli
method of payment. Without original receipt, items will be exchanged
refunded at the lowest advertised  price within the 30 days prior to the
of the return.  Refunds will be  issu^ as store credit. For any return, yol
be asked for valid government-issued photo identification. We reserve
right to limit or refuse a refund.  For exclusions and return policies fc
online purchases, visit Walgreens.com.

لآ

جو

i

O'S

fiо

3

ة!
w'

sgф

о

о
ω

VI
φ

υ

■φ

Ο

ؤأ
 اللÕ ω هؤ§ф

<
ф ال'

ร
ุ
